Yes this time I hope to introduce you to the nightly animal nature
This time, I'm going to have an annual part this year
Thank you
here
Nde Do I Nemata is not put out winter
I law 4 Jonanhana Tomi Maru begins Well doing this depends really
It will be said
Have moved to the Well quite ne 8 shots we have whether dress gold
It feels good It always comes out of the dark when only the face appears The customer is surprised
I think before has become brighter Let's dark and more of
There is a good atmosphere, and the four ships that are the appearance and atmosphere of the giraffe at night are the same.
Night
That's right as a black-seeing point, but that's right at night Well there's also two underground floors here and there
It is looking at it because the obtained Te bottom of the clutch I'd see you a little
The atmosphere is very different from the daytime
I have it
I will come close to you now
Mako is especially close amazing I have around and walk Well it is something healthy not
Take care and I hope
Is the food still his Scorpio while watching people
Not yet
Just now
That it will start cheek also or not the number about 40 minutes after I did you say molester to 7:20
Bait when
I 'll do Bob today I 'll eat out at that time and have a look at Kanda 's little bit
I who fought the bait of a little ne of the night atmosphere
I think the kana quite interesting try darkness
Well then, I will mix it with the continuous shooting and it will be a little night as it is
Yes, I would like a little go the atmosphere
A little since the front also dropped than during the day but I am in it came to now Well Kabakan
I think you can see it in the night atmosphere
Nemomo Gil also so the first time I from appearing in the here the night of the zoo Well
Very moving fine
I will announce you nocturnal well
After all night is a little active
It's very often seen pot guru figure also
It was approaching again and the place was approaching.
Me know of has been found that the umbrella's in is incredible amazing I think that there is
But it is not come early in the only missing Kabira
I really love you
Well the leader
I 'm getting louder at the weer too I heard one sound
I'm a 4 obtained in now also here 500 km that has been entered
I think you have been said to meet
It's good, there are so many old times but you can't see this
I Well this say facilities was the sound that say facility basis to do so even
Hey
Seen from various angles, regardless of time
It becomes more than
bar It became a very good facility because you could see the cover of the new night
And I wonder if
It also now still
I do not do defect so that we pursue
It is a tightening of if we have to keep in know yet I Eee
Well then weirdly Oita
This will become a surf I have is viewing Well that the bait will be red
Dreadfulness of whether that Gil also even a lot of people Te hippopotamus
Value ordering think Ne look at the castle if you look at the night of the bag
It is in love
Well after the hippo it decreased by 10%
I also Penguin etc. I he is etc. This atmosphere I like
It is a beautiful light becomes
Yu Yu penguins of Pooh
Ne Ja'm amazing beautiful even when viewed out of the water
It feels like it really depends on what it feels like the atmosphere is really good.
Yon-
It is Now I have walked the audience a lot to make everyone not say tax'm summer
What's up
Acting on the 4th floor
Cans while you are dissolved Dari rest I pretty
From the brain, it is also true that it is 10 degrees
Well now I'm just raising a child, but King penguins have come out with a lot this year.
I very nice in the position rear Iwata should the weather
And I want it out Well neighborhood about there be I'm cool by mist goes into you know you whether its
It feels like going there over there
It is funny When you cold say cold I is how But I kinda still a cool place line
right
Whoa San'nen
Because cool at night but impact Toka Kaido
Good
Something good but effective
We have never seen it, it feels like healing
It would not be good if you thought you were good
Heck from later from Lotte overlooked in Kara Hall
Morne that not Well you Kana like a go quit
And It is a to relax in something Toka I was one day
Do
Sea child
It will continue to be It is a Maya
Somehow this will chai to instinctively whether it is the main road not forget that we also speak now
Johnny great fun
It feels true
I can only see this time, so let's go to the smooth and high night zoo
It was do Tteyuu of the night atmosphere
Usually not seen
It is a sound that is valuable to various makeup scary meaning meaning ideal
The other I a little but after this formula large reorganization was doing I Toka Toka sika deer wolf every year
Please try to open another mysterious ridge
I think it is a necessary place, I said that I wanted to show twins
This is the last time I got a seal, but Maroon will go. Curling is a customer of ink
I like it
I think you want to live tax
I wish you